feature gate: init program with `RevokePendingActivation` instruction (#5510)
solana-labs/solana-program-library: feature-gate/README.md

# Feature Gate Program

This program serves to manage new features on Solana.

> It serves two main purposes: activating new features and revoking features that
> are pending activation.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
It currently serves one purpose: revoking features that are pending activation.
```
